This is a file to address questions/issues as well as to list off what to code for our script.

1. How to fecth for pdbs

We have the database in /share/siegellab/software/wilson/all_pdbs/all_pdbs/

Now do we need to update this database? Or is what we have enough? Is there a reason to have this on the cluster vs using clean PDB.. 

Tim: I use clean_pdb from Rosetta
Jason: I think the clean_pdb.py script is best since it pulls from the latest database.

2. Which alignement tool.

Tim: I use muscle
Promals OR Muscle?

They are very similar but Muscle doesn't give grishin alignment and we have to run the extra function to get it there. Looks like promals is the better option. Also promals give us a family alignment for us to use in the regular constraints file. Not too sure how Robetta works tho

Jason: I have written Python functions to make grishin alignments. This is rather easy once the bio module is implemented.

3. Sequence trim

We can make this an option for if we want to trim. just python script.py -trim.... That should be easy.
 
Tim: I trim end of overhang. Minimum overhang?
- here are you doing N term? 
Jason: I think have the trim option would be a good option to include, however we should have the script spit out some output
file so the user knows what was trimmed.

4. Threaded PDBs

We can do this already 
Jason: Yup! I have a script that runs this on the headnode (`sh blahhhhhhhh`); This takes minimal time.

5 Robetta?
What files do we need for this? 
Jason: Aligned sequences and unthreaded template pdbs I think? Minimal input. I will look into getting latest vs of Robetta.

6. Two ways to do Cat. constraints: Catalytic Geometric (CG, Alph-Alph, Alph-Beta, etc.; aka Steve's or SB) and/or 6 DOF
Jason: perhaps have options for each?

7. Include GDT into xml?
Tim: I've incorporated GDT against threaded models into mine
Jason: sounds good, I think we should keep this in the xmls

8. Analysis? separate script?

Yeah us 3 have a generic one that we can pull down that people can just run off jupyter notebook in their working directory when looking at their .sc files
Jason: Yeah, perhaps we should re-write a notebook specifically for this new output.

9. Meant to work on enzyme families OR just a single target at a time?
Not sure what the biggest difference moving to families is.
Jason: A family would have multiple targets that use the same set of templates, where as multiple single targets would each have multiple templates.

10. Other?
Sorry for the formatting I didn't pull before I did my comments < LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
We doing python 2 or 3? < PYTHON 3 4EVAAAAAAAAA

>Jason: but seriously, we should only write in Python3. Python2 is no longer being improved.
